<h1> Privacy Policy</h1>
MMM developers built the Face Recognition app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by MMM developers at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use. if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
The Personal Information that is save we don't use any of your data. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Face Recognition unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, Application may require access to Camera Permissions are just to do training and testing.
Read and write Permissions to store images in your mobile
 The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
AdMob
Log Data


<h2>Contact Us</h2>

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at muneeb1@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
